memtx: fail initialization on memtx_memory lesser than 32M (#8626)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-7389-memtx_memory-check.md

## bugfix/memtx

> - Fixed the ability to specify lesser than 32M for `memtx_memory` (gh-7389).

Author: Hi, could you please verify the new changelog?

> - Fixed the ability to specify lesser `memtx_memory` than it's required for stable operation of the engine (gh-7389).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the ability for the `memtx_memory` parameter to specify a memory size less than required for the stable operation of the engine (gh-7389).
```

Author: Thanks!
